Student Full_Name: Kazim Akhlaqi
Student_ID: 103638177
Stdent Email: kakhlaqi@myseneca.ca
Section: OOP244-SAB
Assignment: Workshop 1 - at_home - reflect.txt
-------------------

1. What is a namespace? Explain its purpose.
In cpp programing namespace is refered to a set of symbols that are used to organize code into various group entities like classes, objects and functions under a name.
this way Symbols declared inside a namespace block are placed in a named scope that prevents them from being mistaken for identically-named symbols in other scopes
and to prevent name collisions that can occur especially when the main code includes multiple libraries.
		
2. Why are header files needed? Explain.
We use header files for many advantages it bring to programming. Header files allow programmer to manage and organize their code by breaking it in smaller parts and
save each parts it in seperate file. This way programmer can declare and define their functions in seperate file wich they can use these function in different
projects just by including the header file in their main project file. So, using Header files is a good way to organize our code and prevent us from writing 
similar codes multiple times for different project.

3. In the instructions above, you were directed to compile only .cpp files but not the .h files. Explain why you should never compile header files.
Header files are meant to hold the function declaration and we include them at the begining of our source file. When compiler compile the source file or any other .cpp
file which we included the header file in, the compiler will read the function declaration from header file before it excutes the rest of the program and it 
understands the functions that we use or call in our main .cpp file.

4. Explain why you should never include .cpp files in another file.
If we include a .cpp file in another file we might have a duplicate of our code in another file or have the same object and variable names that might conflict with 
each other and results to failure of compilation of our program.


5. Explain in your own words what have you learned on this workshop.
I have learnt how the name space works and aslo how breaking the code in smaller parts and saves each part in a seperate file makes easier to for programmer to
manage, organize and read and debuge the code.
